household etxeko
volunteer eskaini
volunteer boluntario
face aurreegin
face aurreeman
face aurpegi
mobile higikor
mobile eragingarri
illegal ilegal
mad zoro
circle zirkulu
ship bidali
ship ontziratu
ship itsasontzi
ship ontzi
dark ilun
dark beltzaran
dark ilun
warning abisu
warning ohar
warning ohartarazpen
immigration immigrazio
academy akademia
review berrikusi
review berrizpasatu
review errepasatu
review gainbegiratu
review ikuskatu
review aldizkari
review berraztertze
proof froga
proof proba
any inolako
port kai
port mendate
port portu
northwest iparmendebalde
degree gradu
degree titulu
brief labur
brief informatu
evolution bilakaera
evolution eboluzio
instruction instrukzio
fall amildu
fall erori
why zergatik
reference erreferentzia
remote urrun
monster erraldoi
monster munstro
initiative ekimen
right eskuin
right eskuineko
right on
right zuzen
right ederki
right ondo
right ongi
right onik
right zuzendu
right eskubide
right eskuin
right zuzenbide
able handi
fame fama
inappropriate desegoki
inappropriate ezegoki
journal aldizkari
peak goi
peak gailur
peak goibilera
peak tontor
wild basati
villa hiribildu
cat katu
planet planeta
politics politika
wheel eraman
wheel bolante
sword ezpata
gallery galeria
reception harrera
reception hartze
venture menturatu
venture abentura
female eme
weekly asteko
restaurant jatetxe
widespread hedatu
bowl bola
ideal ideal
ideal eredu
ideal ideal
resolve konpondu
row arrauneanegin
row errenkada
presidential presidentearen
sock galtzetin
secondary bigarren
secondary sekundario
fear beldur
believe sinetsi
quarter laurdendu
quarter auzo
quarter hiruhileko
boat txalupa
cattle ganadu
general jeneral
general orokor
general jeneral
contest aurkeztu
contest txapelketa
profit onura
soviet sobietar
reaction erreakzio
rain euriaariedun
rain euri
possibility posibilitate
map zerbaitenmapaegin
map mapa
normal arrunt
normal normal
normal ohiko
secretary idazkari
assault eraso
assault eraso
machine makina
conservation kontserbazio
download deskargatu
ghost fantasma
interactive elkarreragile
mixed misto
victim biktima
victim hildako
list zerrendatu
list zerrenda
nomination izendapen
output inprimatu
output aterabide
output ekoizpen
output irteera
former aurreko
program programatu
program egitarau
program programa
problem arazo
problem problematika
characteristic berezko
characteristic ezaugarri
experience saiakuntzakegin
experience sentitu
experience beteranotasun
experience esperientzia
label etiketatu
can poteratu
can lata
seventh zazpigarren
while aspaldi
while tarte
company enpresa
company konpainia
grandson biloba
historic historiko
black beltz
black belztu
black beltz
throne tronu
conversion bihurtze
fuel erregaiabota
fuel erregai
prince printze
elementary oinarrizko
candidate hautagai
crowd bete
crowd jendetza
feel egon
feel sentitu
intermediate erdiko
brain burmuin
brain garun
soap xaboi
ring zirkulubatezmarkatu
ring eraztun
narrow estu
narrow estutu
bell kanpai
bell txirrin
safety segurtasun
raw gordin
victor garaile
let laga
let utzi
indian indiar
marine itsas
marine itsastar
separate bereizi
separate bizialargun
separate alboratu
separate apartatu
separate banandu
separate baztertu
separate bereizi
lady dama
kid txantxetanariizan
kid haur
kid ume
hip moderno
hip aldaka
scholar eruditu
need behar
need premia
chase esetsi
chase jarraitu
east ekialde
pearl perla
accept onartu
accept oniritzi
agree hitzartu
agree adostu
agree batetorri
agree adosjarri
mill eho
mill errota
cold hotz
cold hotz
phone telefonozhotsegin
phone telefono
concentration elkarretaratzea
concentration kontzentrazio
lie gezurerran
lie gezurraesan
lie gezur
prove frogatu
prove probatu
obtain lortu
obtain neureganatu
study estudiatu
study ikasi
study estudio
study ikasketa
study ikaskuntza
engine motore
available libre
photograph fotografiatu
photograph argazki
tax zergapetu
tax zerga
killing erailketa
killing hilketa
rail baranda
rail barra
claim baieztatu
claim errebindikatu
claim erreklamazioaegin
claim eskatu
claim aldarrikapen
claim errebindikazio
vision ikuste
corresponding urgazle
similar antzeko
similar berdinkide
similar pareko
nationality herritartasun
organ organo
tower dorre
annual urteko
feature aurkeztu
feature ezaugarri
straight zuzen
straight hutsik
uniform uniforme
uniform uniforme
phrase esaldi
god jainko
become bihurtu
become gertatu
prominent nabari
monument monumentu
monument oroitarri
dispute eztabaidatu
trading merkataritza
category kategoria
population populazio
regime erregimen
copy kopiatu
copy ale
copy kopia
logic logika
roman erromatar
winter hibernatu
winter negu
infrastructure azpiegitura
flat lau
flat soil
flat zelai
flat solairu
appeal eskatu
appeal erakargarritasun
fan abaniko
fan jarraitzaile
amount zenbakarritasun
amount zenbateko
mental mental
marriage ezkontza
margin bazter
comic komiko
comic komiko
trivial garrantzirikgabeko
change aldatu
change aldaketa
change kanbio
majority gehiengo
process auzipetu
process prozesatu
process prozesu
index indize
coalition koalizio
connect lotu
determined irmo
partly neurribatean
triple hirukoitz
triple hirukoiztu
density trinkotasun
last azken
last azkeneko
last iraun
consistent bateragarri
consistent kontsekuente
married ezkondu
input sartu
input atari
input ekarri
input sarrera
national nazional
classic klasiko
committee komite
financial finantzario
report informatu
report salatu
report erreportaje
report ponentzia
report txosten
draw marraztu
cook sukaldari
musical musikal
bad bihurri
bad gaizto
bad txar
bad txarrago
damage galdu
damage kaltetu
damage mindu
damage kalte
note oharrakhartu
note nota
note ohar
volume bolumen
volume liburuki
license baimenaeman
establish ezarri
establish sortu
issue argitaratu
issue zabaldu
issue gai
practice egin
practice jardun
practice praktika
land lurreratu
land lur
million milioi
use erabili
use usatu
use enplegu
use erabilera
use erabiltze
regardless kostaahalakosta
man zuzendu
man gizon
man gizonezko
man gizonki
aware kontziente
faith fede
introduction sartze
set prest
set jarri
set paratu
set multzo
race korrikaegin
race korritu
race arraza
race lasterketa
estate jabetza
estate finka
estate hazienda
boss agindu
boss buru
boss nagusi
poetry poesia
desert utzi
desert basamortu
van kamioneta
van furgoneta
print inprimatu
print inpresio
print inprimatze
print oinatz
iraqi irakiar
access onetsi
access sarbide
pen idatzi
power higiarazi
power botere
power energia
power eskumen
power potentzia
case kasu
case maleta
mother mimatu
mother ama
mention aipatu
intellectual intelektual
intellectual intelektual
illness eri
illness gaixotasun
bid eskaintza
partner bazkide
partner partzuer
partner lagun
ministry ministerio
life bizi
life bizitza
domain eremu
nearby auzoan
carry eraman
carry garraiatu
composition osaera
composition osaketa
dramatic dramatiko
replacement ordezkapen
traditional tradizional
leading nagusi
edition edizio
central garrantzitsu
central zentral
economic ekonomiko
soul arima
always beti
always betiere
pride harroegon
pride hantuste
poll inkestatu
poll inkesta
family familiar
family familia
family sendi
pink arrosa
pink arrosa
palm arra
palm palma
palm palmondo
democrat demokrata
democrat demokrata
term iritzi
term epe
term termino
doctor azpijokoaegin
doctor doktore
doctor mediku
animal animali
animal astakilo
animal abelburu
animal animalia
promotion sustapen
guard gorde
guard guardia
above gainetik
above gainean
above gainera
party alderdi
party festa
party jai
colour margotu
colour pintatu
colour kolore
supreme goren
utility erabilgarritasun
player interprete
player jokalari
lower apaldu
lower beheraegin
lower beheratu
lower eraitsi
lower jaitsi
possession edukitza
possession edukitze
important garrantzitsu
important garrantzizko
appointment hitzordu
programme programatu
programme egitarau
programme programa
aerial aireko
camp emagizon
camp kanpatu
camp kanpamentu
continuing jarraian
justice justizia
czech txekiera
shell aletu
shell ileamoztu
shell oskol
maybe agian
maybe ote
maybe beharbada
beginning hasiera
professional profesional
professional profesional
inch pixkanakaaurreraegin
square karratu
square koadro
square berbiduraegin
square koadratu
square karratu
square plaza
environment inguru
environment ingurumen
environment ingurune
neither ereez
neither eztaere
commission arduraeman
commission batzorde
commission enkargu
data datu
strategic estrategiko
artist artista
criminal kriminal
criminal delitugile
criminal gaizkile
criminal kriminal
choir orfeoi
choir koru
physical fisiko
accessible sartzenerraz
struggle ahalegindu
struggle borrokatu
struggle borroka
cloud hodei
child haur
child infante
child nini
child semealaba
child ume
child umetxo
friend adiskide
theory teoria
graduate lizentziatu
murder erail
murder hil
murder erailketa
murder hilketa
patrol patruilatu
patrol patruila
century mende
congress kongresu
runner lasterkari
civilian zibil
civilian zibil
measure neurtu
measure hein
measure neurri
send igorri
send bidali
chapter kapitulu
mathematics matematika
ball bola
ball pilota
editor editore
regulation antolamendu
regulation araudi
regulation erregulazio
regulation kontrol
draft idatzi
draft zirriborroaegin
draft zirriborro
advantage abantaila
advantage probetxu
pioneer abiatu
pioneer hasi
november azaro
top gaineko
top goiko
top hasi
top koroatu
top gain
top goi
mine meatze
determine determinatu
determine zehaztu
flower loratu
flower lore
path bide
check egiaztatu
check kontrol
capable handi
fixed finko
sometimes batzuetan
pilot pilotatu
pilot pilotu
identify identifikatu
construction eraikuntza
disc disko
wolf otso
single ezkongai
station jarri
station geltoki
cite zitatu
job lan
job ofizio
night gau
science zientzia
alien estralurtar
security segurtasun
rider zaldizko
raise altxatu
raise berretu
raise eraiki
raise gehitu
raise handitu
raise jaiki
raise jaso
raise sortu
raise ugaldu
raise ugaritu
raise zutitu
help lagundu
help lagungarri
help laguntza
male ar
male gizon
anywhere edonon
integration integratze
turn biratu
turn jiratu
turn buelta
turn itzuli
turn txanda
fine bikain
fine fin
fine mehe
fine ederki
fine ondo
fine ongi
fine onik
fine isundu
fine isun
aviation abiazio
opening irekidura
opening irekitze
source iturri
propose proposatu
referee arbitratu
referee arbitro
gross gordin
load kargatu
load leporatu
load zamatu
load karga
independent burujabe
independent independente
moral moral
moral irakaspen
moral moral
identification identifikazio
strategy estrategia
wind arnasahartuezinikutzi
wind haize
link komunikatu
link lotu
division zatitze
sun eguzkiahartu
sun eguzki
variable aldagarri
variable aldakor
variable aldagai
spread hedatu
spread pasta
young gazte
represent antzeztu
represent irudikatu
represent ordezkatu
visible ikusgai
virus birus
american amerikar
american estatubatuar
reservoir uraska
reservoir urtegi
talk hitzegin
talk mintzatu
talk berbaldi
radiation erradiazio
storm eraso
storm ekaitz
oppose aurreegin
analysis analisi
water ureztatu
water ur
wing hegal
root errotu
root sustraitu
root erro
auto automobil
width zabalera
flow jariatu
flow isuri
stuff bete
stuff material
control kontrolatu
control aginte
control kontrol
relation harreman
relation lotura
gas asfixiatu
gas gas
foot ordaindu
foot oin
passage igarobide
passage pasabide
object kontraegon
object objektu
font ponte
rise berretu
rise gehitu
rise goraegin
rise handitu
rise ugaldu
rise ugaritu
rise goraldi
rise handiagotze
rise igoera
cast bota
cast jaurti
coach entrenatu
coach entrenatzaile
read irakurri
inspiration inspirazio
book erreserbatu
book gorde
book liburu
vast zabal
lap laztandu
lap altzo
later geroago
conversation elkarrizketa
conversation solasaldi
winner irabazle
drug drogatu
drug botika
drug droga
drug medikamentu
maintenance mantentze
counter aurkaegin
counter salmahai
win garaitu
win irabazi
cemetery hilerri
less gutxiago
much asko
much franko
abuse abusatu
abuse iraindu
abuse jo
abuse abusu
bank pilatu
bank banku
bank erribera
bank ertz
sport kirol
ticket atari
ticket sarrera
queen erregina
suggest iradoki
independence burujabetza
independence independentzia
cup eskuakkatiluformanjarri
cup katilu
cup kopa
writer idazle
accident akzidente
accident ezbehar
accident istripu
effective eraginkor
postal postal
iron burdina
iron plantxa
universe unibertso
class klase
budget ekonomiko
budget aurrekontu
helpful baliagarri
helpful onuragarri
platform plataforma
embassy enbaxada
framework marko
engaged lanpetu
primary lehen
primary nagusi
officially ofizialki
launch jaurti
launch jaurtiketa
encourage adoretu
encourage ahalegindu
encourage akuilatu
encourage animatu
balance orekatu
balance balantze
balance oreka
publisher editore
publisher editorial
progressive aurrerakoi
progressive mailakako
goal gol
goal helburu
goal helmuga
goal jomuga
goal xede
departure aterabide
departure irteera
departure irtenbide
heritage ondare
good hobe
good on
good onen
good ederki
good ondo
good ongi
good onik
good on
good ongi
decline gutxitu
decline jaiste
valley ibar
poster kartel
generation belaunaldi
mayor alkate
begin hasi
olympic olinpiar
olympic olinpiko
track jarraiki
track jarraitu
track segitu
track pista
item elementu
disaster hondamen
improvement hobekuntza
out kanpoan
out kanpora
beach hondartza
course bide
course ibilgu
course ikastaro
course ikasturte
farm landu
crossing bidegurutze
seal zigilatu
seal zigilu
little gutxi
february otsail
require beharizan
require eskatu
july uztail
point apuntatu
point destatu
point erakutsi
point seinalatu
point puntu
point tanto
successful arrakastatsu
socialist sozialista
socialist sozialista
tribe tribu
wood baso
wood zur
ten hamar
arrest atxilotu
arrest atxiloketa
arrest gelditze
old zahar
consideration ardura
medal domina
medal medaila
owner jabe
owner titular
graphic grafiko
danish daniar
master jakin
master maisu
neck musukatu
neck lepo
inquiry ikerketa
inquiry ikerkuntza
inquiry kontsulta
monitor kontrolatu
fat gizen
fat lodi
fat gantz
fat koipe
meet bete
meet burutu
meet elkartu
meet ezagutu
meet konplitu
federation federazio
evening iluntze
founder hondoratu
founder fundatzaile
perfect ezinhobe
perfect perfektu
perfect hobetu
dating datazio
bill enuntziatu
bill faktura
singer kantari
singer abeslari
singer kantari
limit mugatu
limit mukuru
limit muga
now orain
end bukatu
end itsasoratu
end amaiera
end azken
end bukaera
end final
extra aparteko
leadership buruzagitza
certain seguru
certain ziur
stock hornitu
competitive lehiakor
cycle ziklo
golf golf
wife emazte
cell gela
cell zelula
default ezbete
approach hurbildu
approach hurbilketa
approach planteamendu
regular erregular
rare arraro
rare bakan
rare bitxi
maintain atxiki
maintain mantendu
son seme
sum batuketa
airport aireportu
architect arkitekto
nor noble
nor identifikatu
wrong oker
wrong gaizki
wrong ezzuzen
wrong txar
wrong bidegabetratatu
hunt ehizatu
training entrenamendu
training eraketa
revolutionary iraultzaile
revolutionary iraultzaile
fox ezaurreraezatzerautzi
fox azeri
residence bizileku
residence egoitza
residence erresidentzia
willing lagunkoi
willing prest
zero zero
reflect islatu
finding aurkikuntza
suffering sufrimendu
steam bapore
answer erantzun
answer erantzun
discuss ariizan
discuss hitzegin
discuss mintzatu
opportunity aukera
plan prestatu
plan plan
thought gogoeta
thought pentsamendu
polish leundu
polish poloniera
knight sotil
hospital erietxe
hospital ospitale
debt zor
chinese txinatar
air egurastu
air aire
follow jarraiki
follow jarraitu
follow segitu
weapon arma
constitution konstituzio
mathematical matematiko
difficulty zailtasun
dictionary hiztegi
democracy demokrazia
editorial editorial
have eduki
have izan
have ukan
stage antzeztu
stage eszenaratu
stage agertoki
stage eszenatoki
stage etapa
minute minutu
gift dohain
gift opari
visit bisitatu
visit bisita
visit ikusi
dream ametsegin
dream amets
dream lo
gay gay
spend eralgi
spend gastatu
spend igaro
spend iragan
below petik
below azpian
below azpira
below behean
below behera
below pe
below pean
reply erantzun
reply ihardetsi
reply erantzun
reply ihardespen
edit editatu
edit zuzendu
previously aldezaurretik
remember adostu
remember gogorarazi
remember gogoratu
remember oroitu
house ostatueman
house etxe
house etxebizitza
career ziztubizianjoan
career karrera
adventure abentura
descent jaitsiera
pick aukeratu
pick hautatu
pick hautetsi
pick jaso
will desiratu
will borondate
will gogo
will nahi
will testamentu
campus campus
favour mesedeegin
favour mesede
middle ertain
banking banku
lane bide
operation ebakuntza
operation funtzionamendu
operation operazio
direct zuzen
direct zuzeneko
direct bideratu
direct zuzendu
length luze
length iraupen
length longitude
length luzera
renaissance pizkunde
defensive babeserako
russian errusiar
russian errusiera
magic magiko
magic magia
boy haur
boy mutiko
boy mutil
expression adierazpen
judicial judizial
staff barnezola
staff pertsonal
website webgune
january urtarril
event gertaera
metal metal
vertical bertikal
known ezagun
allied aliatu
horn adar
look begiratu
look iritzi
look iruditu
look aspektu
look begirada
look begiratu
look so
factory fabrika
factory lantegi
twin biki
twin biki
dominican dominikar
care arduratu
care ardura
care arta
paragraph paragrafo
remains gainerako
remains hondakin
vote botatu
vote botoaeman
vote bozkatu
vote boto
vote boz
vote bozketa
surname deitura
welfare ongizate
irish irlandar
day egun
acceptable onargarri
private pribatu
french frantses
french frantziar
quality kalitate
quality nolakotasun
high altu
high ozen
main handiago
main nagusi
memory memoria
memory oroimen
novelist nobelagile
channel bideratu
channel kanal
channel ubide
beat astindu
beat irabiatu
christian kristau
severe gogor
severe larri
cinema zine
cinema zinema
cinema zinemagintza
undo askatu
undo desegin
gospel ebanjelio
count kontatu
count zenbatu
ray arraio
belong barnekoaizan
birth jaiotza
birth sorrera
wise jakintsu
wise zentzudun
wise zentzuzko
campaign kanpaina
campaign lautada
landing eskaileraburu
landing eskailburu
literature literatura
teach erakutsi
teach irakatsi
fifth bosgarren
fifth bostgarren
fifth bosten
bear eraman
bear eutsi
bear hartz
secret sekretu
secret sekretu
secret zoko
acid garratz
acid azido
work funtzionatu
work lanegin
work landu
work lan
article artikulu
southeast hegoekialde
show agertu
show erakutsi
show frogatu
show erakustaldi
show ikuskizun
role funtzio
instrument instrumentu
instrument tresna
doc oceko
aid lagundu
aid lagungarri
aid laguntza
score lortu
score markatu
build egin
build eraiki
wave agitatu
wave eragin
wave olatu
wave uhin
worship gurtu
nothing ezerez
not ez
reading irakurketa
contribution ekarpen
contribution kontribuzio
qualification kalifikazio
qualification prestakuntza
swimming igerian
contact harremanetanjarri
contact kontaktu
outcome emaitza
outcome ondorio
school eskola
school eskola
school ikastola
range aldatu
range lerrokatu
range noraezeanibili
range irismen
political politiko
isolated bakan
movie film
movie pelikula
education hazkuntza
education heziketa
education hezkuntza
education irakaskuntza
temperature tenperatura
membership afiliatu
sugar azukreztatu
sugar azukre
navigation nabigazio
songwriter konpositore
honour omendu
honour konplitu
honour ohoratu
honour ohore
actress aktore
unusual ohiezbezalako
necessary behar
necessary beharrezko
necessary ezinbesteko
mass elkartu
mass kontzentratu
mass masa
notable bikain
administrator administratzaile
circuit zirkuitu
policy politika
cool fresko
cool hotz
cool freskatu
cool hoztu
hair ile
rival lehiakide
decade hamarkada
kiss musu
revolution iraultza
journey bidaiatu
journey bidaia
unique bakar
away kanpoan
away kanpora
word ele
word hitz
minister ministro
attempt saiatu
attempt atentatu
attempt saio
documentary dokumental
documentary dokumental
eagle arrano
social sozial
learning ikaste
municipal udaleko
bulgarian bulgariera
spectrum espektro
street kale
street karrika
super bikain
communication komunikazio
between artean
between artera
between erdian
active aktibo
active gogotsu
active saiatu
scientific zientifiko
button botoi
spring jauziegin
spring iturri
spring malguki
spring udaberri
depression depresio
philosophy filosofia
surface urgaineratu
surface azal
representation irudikapen
bar barra
bar taberna
ceremony zeremonia
thank eskerrakeman
thank eskertu
sample probatu
earth lurrerakohartuneaegin
earth lur
shield babestu
shield ezkutu
principle printzipio
pure garbi
sea itsaso
monastery monasterio
place jarri
place gune
place leku
place toki
reserve erreserbatu
reserve gorde
reserve erreserba
international internazional
international nazioarteko
interested interesatu
visitor bisitari
threat mehatxu
variant desberdin
teaching irakaskuntza
union batasun
union elkartasun
union elkartze
union sindikatu
temporary behinbehineko
gulf golko
mainly nagusiki
mission egiteko
grave astun
grave larri
grave hilobi
multiple anizkun
contemporary garaikide
pool bildu
pool igerileku
pool sail
west mendebalde
west mendebal
coffee kafe
blank zuri
blank espazio
blank zuriune
communist komunista
communist komunista
clinical kliniko
challenge desafioegin
challenge dixidatu
challenge erronkaegin
challenge desafio
challenge erronka
psychological psikologiko
september irail
computer informatiko
computer ordenagailu
computer ordenatzaile
journalism kazetaritza
champion defendatu
champion txapeldun
near hurbil
near gertu
near hurbil
near hurbildu
grass salatu
grass belar
size hein
size tamaina
risk arriskatu
risk arrisku
castle gaztelu
institution instituzio
seriously serio
layer kapa
trial epaiketa
trial froga
trial judizio
trial proba
competition lehia
competition lehiaketa
citizen hiritar
citizen herritar
citizen hiritar
share banatu
share partekatu
share partehartze
driver gidari
oral ahozko
ethnic etniko
composer konpositore
spelling ortografia
functional erabilgarri
functional funtzional
establishment establezimendu
discussion auzi
discussion eztabaida
border mugako
border mugatu
border ertz
border hegi
border muga
rescue erreskatatu
rescue salbatu
rescue erreskate
rescue salbamendu
far beste
far urrun
far urruti
far urrun
far urruti
far urrutian
far urrutira
temple loki
temple tenplu
since geroztik
since harrezkero
put ezarri
put jarri
put paratu
put sartu
sergeant sarjentu
gothic gotiko
current korronte
current laster
current urlaster
gauge kalibratu
portal portale
spin biratu
freedom askatasun
freedom libertate
product produktu
purchase erosi
purchase erosketa
express urgente
express adierazi
express azaldu
saint santu
saint santu
include erantsi
include hartu
police polizial
police zaindu
police ertzain
police polizia
kill erail
kill ero
kill hil
never inoiz
never inoizez
never sekula
statue estatua
formation eraketa
region eskualde
region herrialde
stack pilatu
loan mailegatu
loan mailegu
politician politikari
huge osohandi
huge izugarrizko
moment memento
moment momentu
moment une
file fitxatu
file agiritegiangorde
file artxibatu
file artxibo
file espediente
responsible arduradun
responsible arduratsu
civil zibil
senate senatu
impact jo
impact inpaktu
participate partehartu
partnership gizarte
rating indize
championship txapelketa
brick adreilu
blood odol
cardinal nagusi
cardinal kardinal
immediately berehala
immediately segituan
poem poema
belt jo
belt uhal
belt gerrikouhal
belt gerriko
bob kulunkatu
usually ohi
singing kantu
lodge ostatatu
frank argi
frank franko
frank frankeatu
western mendebaldeko
audience audientzia
spiritual espiritual
conference hitzaldi
conference konferentzia
same bera
solution konponbide
inside barrutik
inside barruan
inside barrura
inside barne
inside barru
inside barrualde
obvious bistako
spot ikusi
spot grano
spot leku
spot orban
investigation ikerketa
investigation ikerkuntza
reign erreinatu
institute institutu
rocket kohete
december abendu
rocky harritsu
forum eztabaidagune
forum foro
certified ziurtatu
hard gaitz
hard gogor
hard gogor
extinct iraungi
thorough sakon
thorough zehatz
apparently bide
apparently dirudienez
third heren
third hirugarren
third heren
director zuzendari
tend hedatu
tend zaindu
urban hiritar
energy energia
avoid ekidin
avoid saihestu
piano piano
alternative alternatibo
alternative ordezko
alternative alternatiba
tradition tradizio
north iparraldeko
north ipar
north iparralde
oxygen oxigeno
tip kontseilu
tip punta
strong indartsu
strong sendo
order agindu
order eskatu
order ordenatu
order agindu
order ordena
shadow ilundu
shadow itzal
terrorism terrorismo
suddenly batbatean
suddenly bertanbehera
substantial handi
substantial substantzial
discipline diziplinatu
discipline diziplinajarri
discipline diziplina
floor lurzoru
floor solairu
thinking gogoeta
thinking pentsamendu
occupation zeregin
occupation okupazio
understand aditu
understand ulertu
bureau agentzia
electronic elektroniko
media hedabide
media komunikabide
title izenburuaedun
title izenburu
title titulu
part banandu
part bereizi
part arlo
part atal
part parte
part zati
comparison konparazio
group multzokatu
group multzo
group sail
group talde
romanian errumaniar
horse zaldi
switch aldatu
switch kanbio
sentence zigortu
sentence epai
sentence esaldi
sentence sententzia
reduce murriztu
sweet goxo
sweet gozo
sweet gozoki
gold urre
ending amaiera
ending azken
ending bukaera
ending final
pair pare
basic oinarrizko
fantasy fantasia
valid baliozko
valid indarreko
ask eskatu
ask galdegin
ask galdetu
sleep loegin
sleep lo
shot tiro
summary labur
summary laburpen
summary sumario
white txuri
white zuri
white zuri
association elkarte
removal lekualdaketa
sexual sexual
percent ehuneko
offensive iraingarri
schedule programatu
schedule egitarau
schedule ordutegi
schedule programa
craft ofizio
culture kultura
scope irismen
carrier eramaile
carrier garraiolari
european europar
divine jainkotiar
earthquake lurrikara
game ausart
game jokaldi
game joko
game jolas
game partida
cathedral katedral
height altuera
height garaiera
height jasoaldi
bridge zubiaegin
bridge zubi
learn ikasi
railroad behartu
railroad trenbide
cabinet armairu
cabinet kabinete
sacred sakratu
primarily nagusiki
step aurizki
step urratsbategin
step igarobide
step pauso
step urrats
compare konparatu
profession lanbide
provide hornitu
provide proportzionatu
shop erosi
shop denda
shop saltoki
creation sorkuntza
creation sortze
critical kritiko
rough latz
loop begiztaegin
loop begizta
return itzuli
return buelta
return itzulera
contract kontratatu
contract uzkurtu
contract kontratu
fish arrantzatu
fish arrain
statement adierazpen
statement aitorpen
statement aitortza
statement deklarazio
colony kolonia
apparent itxurazko
content kontent
content kontentatu
content eduki
replace birjarri
replace ordeztu
empire inperio
manager arduradun
manager erantzule
manager kudeatzaile
manager zuzendari
entity entitate
overall global
overall oso
overall orohar
overall txabusina
elder handi
elder zaharren
elder zahar
cable kable
collaboration lankidetza
violent bortitz
film leial
film errodatu
film filmatu
film film
film pelikula
strike eraso
strike erasotu
strike jazarri
strike jo
strike greba
strike lanuzte
demand erreklamazioaegin
demand eskatu
demand exijitu
demand eskaera
demand eskakizun
extreme sekulako
extreme mutur
delta delta
route ibilbide
accused akusatu
closely hurbiletik
morning goiz
morning goizalde
charity karitate
sole bakar
sole zolaberritu
condition baldintzatu
condition baldintza
condition kondizio
lab laborategi
argue argudiatu
argue eztabaidatu
officer agente
officer eragile
purpose asmo
factor faktore
taking erakargarri
hat kapela
bird hegazti
bird txori
identical berdinberdin
danger arrisku
hour ordu
hour ordubete
robot robot
click kriskitinegin
secure seguru
secure ziur
secure aseguratu
secure lortu
english ingeles
dual dual
victory garaipen
massacre sarraskitu
element elementu
string korda
string soka
transportation garraio
agency agentzia
milk jetzi
milk esne
useful baliagarri
song abesti
song kanta
song kantu
glass baso
glass beira
glass kristal
farmer nekazari
uncle osaba
ancient aspaldiko
ancient zahar
rhythm erritmo
con iruzuregin
luck suerte
maximum maximo
maximum maximo
catch harrapatu
catch hartu
pop lehertu
pursue esetsi
pursue jarraitu
stand egon
stand eutsi
stand jarri
select aukeratu
silent isil
instance instantzia
instance kasu
june ekain
additional gehigarri
laboratory laborategi
tourism turismo
bold ausart
season ondu
season denboraldi
season urtaro
tell erran
tell esan
chamber laurden
connection lotura
connection zerikusi
youth gaztaro
youth gaztetasun
potential potentzial
potential potentzial
mechanical mekaniko
extensively luze
eighth zortzigarren
liberal eskuzabal
liberal liberal
fully betebetean
mouth aho
trail herrestatu
trail estela
push bultzatu
push estutu
push bultzada
spell letreiatu
spell aldi
opponent aurkako
opponent aurkari
opponent kontrako
noble noble
noble aitorenseme
noble noble
also ere
also erebai
gradually apurkaapurka
oval obal
paint margotu
paint pintatu
paint pintura
forest baso
best gehiago
best gehien
interesting interesgarri
train entrenatu
train hezi
train tren
educational hezigarri
conflict batezetorri
conflict gatazka
fourth laugarren
crash puskatu
crash elkarjo
crash erori
crash talkaegin
crash istripu
personal pertsonal
basketball saskibaloi
address abordatu
address bidali
address zuzendu
address helbide
immediate berehalako
council kontseilu
entirely arrunt
entirely guztiz
arrival etorrera
arrival heltze
pressure presio
code kodetu
code kode
club makilatu
club klub
coal ikatz
expansion hedapen
atmosphere atmosfera
atmosphere giro
function funtzionatu
function funtzio
usage erabilera
merit meritu
alive bizi
alive bizidun
invasion inbasio
plot antolatu
plot bilbe
plot partzela
nazi nazi
nazi nazi
adaptation moldaketa
allow baimendu
allow laga
allow utzi
allow zilegitu
revert itzuli
actor aktore
sequence segida
psychology psikologia
parent guraso
tourist turista
come etorri
frequent maiztu
number bildu
number kopuru
number numero
number zenbaki
sister ahizpa
sister aizpa
sister arreba
cover azalajarri
cover bozatu
cover estali
cover azal
cover kubierta
lead zuzendu
lead aurrealde
bass baxu
technical tekniko
repeated sarri
greek greko
greek greziar
second bigarren
second bigarren
second bultzatu
second segundo
ice izoztu
ice izotz
alliance aliantza
broad zabal
appreciate baloratu
appreciate eskertu
appreciate estimatu
appreciate preziatu
men oroimen
april apiril
territory lurralde
request eskatu
request eskaera
request eskari
request eske
after gero
after ondoren
after ostean
back geroko
back atzean
back atzera
back atzeraegin
back babestu
back bizkar
edge ertz
edge hegi
rich aberats
rich dirudun
liquid likido
liquid likido
cult kultu
proposal proposamen
significance esanahi
significance garrantzi
heaven zeru
student ikasle
makeup asmatu
makeup egin
makeup osatu
legal legal
know ezagutu
know jakin
extensive zabal
cuban Kubako
search bilatu
search miatu
search bilaketa
call deitu
call hotsegin
call dei
die hil
die zendu
rose arrosa
reality errealitate
yellow hori
diesel gasolio
continental kontinental
strip biluzi
strip zinta
criticism kritika
log erregistratu
result ekarri
result izan
result emaitza
result ondorio
rapid azkar
profile profil
metropolitan metropolitar
coastal itsasertzeko
prepared gertu
execution egite
relationship harreman
relationship lotura
relationship zerikusi
plane lau
plane hegazkin
plane plano
own neure
own propio
own eduki
bright argi
bright distiratsu
symbol ikur
symbol sinbolo
village herri
village herrixka
foundation fundamentu
foundation fundazio
foundation zimendu
mirror islatu
mirror ispilu
poverty pobrezia
variation aldaera
variation aldaketa
support bermatu
support sostengatu
support euskarri
support sostengu
distinction bereizketa
merge elkartu
merge kohesionatu
democratic demokratiko
artificial artifizial
position jarri
position posizio
tour bisitatu
tour bidaia
tour bisita
tour tour
indeed izanere
creator kreatzaile
creator sortzaile
other beste
other gainerako
other gainontzeko
mar hondatu
direction norabide
direction noranzko
direction zuzendaritza
literary literario
strength indar
user erabiltzaile
peace bake
peace sosegu
lord jaun
silver zilarreztatu
silver zilar
theater antzoki
portuguese portuges
suitable apropos
suitable egoki
patient eramanhandiko
patient gaixo
patient paziente
considerable gogoangarri
purple purpura
incident gertakari
agriculture nekazaritza
pole polo
pole zutoin
couple lotu
couple bikote
couple bikotekide
couple pare
concrete zehatz
administrative administratibo
comment esan
comment iruzkinaegin
comment komentatu
comment iruzkin
anonymous anonimo
person gizakume
person jende
person lagun
person pertsona
excellence bikaintasun
united batu
gray gris
half ertain
half erdipurdi
half erdi
particular berezi
particular partikular
assume eman
participation partehartze
throw aurtiki
throw bota
throw jaurti
throw tiraegin
throw tiratu
thick lodi
ability abilezia
ability trebetasun
forward aurrerantz
forward aurrera
forward aurrelari
forward bidali
forward igorri
distinguished agurgarri
debate eztabaidatu
view ikusi
view iritzi
spirit alkohol
spirit espiritu
conservative kontserbadore
over gainean
over gainera
banner pankarta
site kokatu
site leku
partial partzial
weak ahul
common arrunt
common komun
command agindu
command agindu
command nagusitasun
command ordena
week aste
diameter diametro
harm galdu
harm minegin
harm kalte
picture imajinatu
picture argazki
picture koadro
legend legenda
component osagai
highway autobide
highway autopista
highway errepide
collection bilduma
conductor zuzendari
telephone telefono
paper papereztatu
paper paper
diverse desberdin
capacity edukiera
capacity gaitasun
convention konbentzio
country herri
footballer futbolari
concert kontzertu
closing entzierro
closing itxialdi
closing itxiera
closing itxitura
concept kontzeptu
art arte
cause ekarri
cause eragin
cause zirikatu
cause kausa
grant eman
grant onartu
grant dirulaguntza
intelligence adimen
ukrainian ukrainera
classification sailkapen
ninth bederatzigarren
chairman lehendakari
chairman presidente
food janari
food bazkari
food jan
food elikagarri
celebration ospakizun
median erdibitzaile
median mediana
practical praktiko
graphics grafiko
protest protestaegin
protest protestatu
protest protesta
prime lehen
prime nagusi
prime prestatu
injury kalte
injury lesio
patent nabari
patent patentatu
patent patente
lay etzan
lay jarri
lay paratu
front aurrealde
front fronte
front aurki
video bideozgrabatu
video bideo
fair justu
fair feria
fair jolasparke
satellite satelite
tale ipuin
rush presatu
rush presa
magazine aldizkari
plain liso
plain ordoki
treaty tratatu
teacher erakusle
teacher irakasle
teacher maisu
hunting ehiza
typical tipiko
influence eragin
influence eragin
offer eskaini
offer topaegin
offer eskaintza
board junta
board taula
server zerbitzari
retirement erretiro
retirement erretreta
attend artatu
attend itxaron
attend joan
pine ahuldu
pine pinu
increase berretu
increase gehitu
increase handitu
increase ugaldu
increase ugaritu
increase garestitze
increase gehikuntza
increase handiagotze
negative ezezko
negative negatibo
negative ez
weekend asteburu
corruption ustelkeria
geography geografia
level lau
level eraitsi
level nibelatu
level maila
level nibel
better hobe
better hobeto
venue lokal
technique teknika
how nola
electrical elektriko
market merkaturatu
market azoka
market merkatu
head hasi
head buru
please atsegineman
cotton kotoi
column zutabe
cap estali
definition definizio
cost balioizan
cost kostu
experienced eskarmentudun
ambassador enbaxadore
law lege
law zuzenbide
beauty edertasun
intention asmo
popular ezagun
popular herritar
arab arabiar
window leiho
specialist trebe
lawyer abokatu
friendship adiskidetasun
fire aguregin
fire tiroegin
fire su
associate elkartu
associate lotu
bound seguru
stress azentuatu
stress azpimarratu
stress estres
stress tentsio
treatment tratamendu
grace grazia
slave gogorlanegin
slave esklabo
break eten
break hautsi
break hondatu
break izorratu
permanent betiko
permanent iraunkor
massive jendetsu
massive osohandi
dead hilik
world munduko
world mundu
late berandu
late berant
late berandu
late berant
radical erabateko
radical erradikal
radical erradikal
lesser adingabe
lesser adingabeko
lesser txikiago
interest interesatu
interest zaletu
interest egonezin
interest interes
death heriotza
limited mugatu
trio hirukote
happy zorioneko
happy zoriontsu
interior barne
interior barru
interior barrualde
gap hutsune
wait itxaron
wait zainegon
wait itxaronaldi
technology teknologia
friendly atsegin
friendly lagunkoi
city hiri
generate sortu
screen eman
screen pantaila
waste xahutu
effect egin
effect efektu
dependent mendeko
climate klima
system sistema
crown koroatu
crown koroa
minority gutxiengo
serious serio
perhaps akaso
perhaps ausaz
perhaps beharbada
thousand mila
sixth seigarren
capture atzeman
capture harrapatu
leaf hosto
leaf orri
love maitatu
love xarmatu
love amodio
love maitasun
flood gainezegin
flood urpetu
flood uholde
percentage ehuneko
nick ebakiaegin
prayer otoitz
flying hegan
flying hegaldi
medical mediko
capital nagusi
capital maiuskula
capital hiriburu
capital kapital
device aparatu
delete eliminatu
delete ezabatu
professor irakasle
professor katedradun
shore erribera
drawing marrazki
orientation orientazio
modern berri
perspective perspektiba
rear hazi
rear atze
existence existentzia
money diru
comprehensive sakon
comprehensive ulergarri
act jokatu
act akta
act ekintza
act ekitaldi
act emanaldi
act lege
try ahalegindu
try dastatu
try probatu
try saiatu
move mugitu
stroke laztandu
stroke erasoaldi
stroke fereka
stroke kolpe
fight borrokatu
fight borroka
garden lorategi
reasonable arrazoizko
welcome atsegin
welcome ongietorriaegin
welcome ongietorri
widely zabal
hot bero
traffic trafikatu
traffic igarotze
traffic trafiko
thread albainutu
thread hari
ever inoiz
ever inoizez
ever sekula
dominant menderatzaile
manual eskuzko
manual eskuliburu
personnel pertsonal
easy erraz
notify jakinarazi
walk ibili
walk ibilera
walk pasealeku
walk paseo
test dastatu
test probatu
test froga
test proba
test test
battle borrokatu
battle bataila
green berde
green berde
post kargu
post kargudun
post postu
post zutoin
publication argitalpen
local eskualdeko
local lokal
true benetako
true egiazko
true gertu
say erran
say esan
flash distiratu
responsibility erantzukizun
photographer argazkilari
moon ilargi
fail hutsegin
fail porrotegin
growth hazkunde
king errege
whole oso
whole osoko
whole osotasun
choice aukera
choice hautu
under azpian
under pe
under pean
write idatzi
relevant egoki
message mezu
buy erosi
internal barneko
rally bildu
individual banakako
individual gizabanakoaren
individual indibiduo
building eraikin
building eraikuntza
building ontzi
woman emakume
woman emakumezko
archive agiritegi
firm irmo
firm enpresa
fashion moda
anniversary urteurren
grow handitu
grow hazi
grow landu
administration administrazio
necessarily ezinbestean
aim apuntatu
aim ateratzenhasi
aim destatu
aim zuzendu
aim helburu
aim jomuga
aim xede
religious erlijioso
beyond harantzago
imperial inperial
biography biografia
tea te
protection babes
attitude jarrera
grade gradu
grade nota
grade ohar
opera opera
beam alaiirribarreegin
sure gertu
sure seguru
sure ziur
sure seguru
sure ziur
chart grafiko
chart mapa
painting margo
painting pintura
controversial eztabaidagarri
discovery aurkikunde
digital digital
development garapen
planning plangintza
dance dantzaegin
dance dantza
meeting batzar
meeting bilera
meeting bilketa
meeting bilkura
meeting biltzar
stable egonkor
stable ukuilu
printing inprenta
printing inprimatze
industry industria
find aurkitu
find topatu
resolution ebazpen
resolution erabaki
guideline jarraibide
deep sakon
baby haur
baby kreatura
finance finantzatu
finance finantza
legitimate legitimo
legitimate justifikatu
sir jaun
cave haitzulo
cave koba
upper gaineko
upper goiko
failure epaitza
failure matxura
failure porrot
centre zentral
centre erdiratu
centre erdialde
centre zentro
gun pistola
duty betebehar
duty eginbehar
duty eginbide
great handi
great handiago
travel bidaiatu
travel bidaia
turkish turko
comedy komedia
box boxeatu
box kutxansartu
box kaxa
box kutxa
saw zerra
exact doidoi
exact behartu
ocean ozeano
rural landatar
even barne
funding finantziazio
island irla
island uharte
wear eraman
table mahaigaineratu
table mahai
table taula
final amaiera
final azken
final bukaera
final final
door ate
parameter parametro
open ireki
open ireki
open zabaldu
belief fede
belief uste
feed elikatu
account harreman
account kontu
account lotura
collective kolektibo
close gertu
close gerturatu
close itxi
close zarratu
terminal terminal
opposition aurkaritza
opposition oposizio
bone hezurgabetu
bone hezur
entry atari
entry sarrera
entry sartze
escape ihesegin
escape ihesi
escape itzuri
escape ihes
fit egoki
fit ahokatu
fit sartu
county kondetza
captain kapitain
motor motore
compete lehiatu
method metodo
definitely zalantzarikgabe
suggestion iradokizun
destruction hondamen
destruction hondamendi
destruction suntsidura
destruction suntsipen
sing kantatu
pending gabe
acoustic akustiko
defeat garaitu
bottom azpiko
bottom beherengo
bottom azpi
bottom behe
bottom ipurdi
possible posible
well ederki
well ondo
well ongi
well onik
chair buruizan
chair aulki
versus versus
press estutu
press prentsa
dutch holandar
wealth aberastasun
wealth ondasun
wine ardo
research arakatu
research aztertu
research ikertu
research bilaketa
research ikerketa
research ikerkuntza
census errolda
defence defentsa
gate ate
diocese diozesi
transfer transferitu
transfer lekualdaketa
transfer transferentzia
before lehenago
solo solo
effort ahalegin
effort esfortzu
frequency maiztasun
rice arroz
economy merke
economy ekonomia
angel aingeru
sale salmenta
tall altu
tall garai
space espazial
space bakandu
space espazio
space tarte
complete bete
complete betebeteko
complete oso
complete bukatu
complete osatu
fix apaindu
fix finkatu
fix jarri
fix konpondu
following jarraitzaile
arm armatu
arm arma
arm beso
core muin
core nukleo
motion keinuegin
motion mozio
personality nortasun
parade desfilatu
miss galdu
miss hutsegin
restoration zaharberritze
difference diferentzia
difference ezberdintasun
some pixkabat
application erabilera
burial ehorzketa
ready prest
ready puntuan
ready prestatu
southwest hegomendebalde
language hizkuntza
experimental esperimental
august abuztu
present agertu
present aurkeztu
present azaldu
present orain
present orainaldi
investment alderanzketa
bond itsatsi
bond bonu
artistic artistiko
benefit onegin
benefit onura
colonel koronel
worker behargin
worker langile
mechanism mekanismo
apply aplikatu
apply erabili
apply jarri
join bateratu
join elkartu
identity identitate
odd arraro
amateur amateur
amateur zale
priest apaiz
weather gainditu
weather giro
weather eguraldi
organic organiko
mountain mendi
fort forte
senator senatari
format formateatu
format formatu
fund finantzatu
fund fondo
heat berotu
heat bero
army armada
commercial komertzial
commercial iragarpen
giant erraldoi
giant erraldoi
cultural kultural
protect babestu
relief arindura
relief erliebe
period aldi
period aro
period garai
period sasoi
okay on
vary aldatu
federal federal
create sortu
resistance erresistentzia
live bizidun
live bizitu
cash kobratu
sex sexu
cross haserre
cross gurutzatu
cross zeharkatu
cross gurutze
contrary kontrako
release askatu
release largatu
release liberatu
release kaleratu
release askatze
release bertsio
release emisio
summer uda
summer udara
living bizi
living bizidun
hall atondo
split pitzatu
split zatitu
split etendura
sufficient nahiko
next hurbil
next hurko
next hurrengo
corner inguratu
corner izkina
ram eraso
error errore
yet oraindik
architecture arkitektura
register erregistratu
register miatu
register erregistro
universal unibertsal
response erantzun
eastern ekialdeko
brazilian brasildar
chemical kimiko
surgery kontsulta
succession segida
document dokumentatu
document agiri
document dokumentu
business enpresen
business negozio
additionally gainera
commissioner komisario
successor ondoko
successor ondorengo
selection aukeraketa
selection selekzio
jump jauziegin
jump salto
car auto
car automobil
pacific baketsu
vessel itsasontzi
companion lagun
bay uluegin
bay badia
bay ereinotz
religion erlijio
where non
letter eskutitz
letter gutun
letter karta
letter letra
pan gogorkritikatu
journalist kazetari
excellent bikain
revenue sartze
notice nabaritu
notice abisu
notice ohar
assist bertaratu
assist lagundu
idea ideia
version bertsio
vice bizio
recent gertatuberri
poor behartsu
poor pobre
poor behartsu
sandy hareazko
stone harri
stone hezur
athletic atletiko
junior hasiberri
junior gazte
junior mendeko
quickly azkar
quickly presaka
valuable baliotsu
valuable baliozko
zone kalifikatu
zone zona
transport garraiatu
transport garraio
labor lan
marvel miraritu
holiday jaiegun
holiday opor
holiday oporraldi
advisory aholkulari
smart azkar
smart dotore
smart erre
resident bertako
plastic plastiko
plastic plastiko
emperor enperadore
publishing argitaratze
publishing editorial
resource baliabide
resource helegite
steel altzairu
examination azterketa
examination ikuskatze
examination miaketa
concerned arduratsu
beautiful eder
beautiful galant
beautiful polit
prefer lehenetsi
destroy hondatu
destroy suntsitu
destroy txikitu
together elkarrekin
completely arrunt
completely burutikoinera
completely guztiz
material material
material material
sense nabariedun
sense sentitu
sense sentikor
sense zentzu
hearing entzumen
hope zainegon
hope esperantza
hope itxaropen
eye begiratu
eye begi
italian italiar
prose prosa
body gorputz
yes bai
hispanic hispaniko
gender genero
republic errepublika
fiction fikzio
senior zaharren
internet internet
crisis krisi
boundary muga
explanation argibide
explanation azalpen
explanation esplikazio
romance erromaniko
romance erromaniko
romance erromantze
long luze
hell infernu
significant adierazgarri
significant esanguratsu
significant garrantzitsu
keep atxiki
keep jarraitu
keep mantendu
adult heldu
adult heldu
imagine imajinatu
imagine iruditu
interaction elkarrekintza
powerful ahaltsu
powerful boteretsu
registration inskripzio
detail zehaztu
detail detaile
detail xehetasun
average ertain
average batezbestekoaegin
average batezbesteko
especially batezere
especially batikbat
especially bereziki
origin jatorri
origin sorburu
appropriate egoki
appropriate jabetu
appropriate egokitu
classical klasiko
shift aldatu
shift mugitu
shift kanbio
domestic etxeko
domestic nazional
vocal ahots
expensive garesti
talent talentu
only bakar
only bainoez
only bakarrik
only besterikez
only soilik
piece pieza
piece prenda
piece puska
piece zati
brand aurpegiratu
brand marka
entertainment dibertsio
hundred ehun
soon laster
slowly astiro
slowly osopoliki
slowly poliki
subject lotu
subject irakasgai
subject afera
subject gai
subject materia
subject menderatu
prison espetxe
prison kartzela
tape grabatu
tape zinta
award eman
award sari
mix nahasi
mix nahaste
roof sabai
roof teilatu
arena kiroldegi
example adibide
example erakutsi
example eredu
plenty ugaritasun
absolute absolutu
absolute guztizko
dialogue elkarrizketa
concern arduratu
concern axolaizan
concern kezkatu
concern kezka
species espezie
missile misil
parallel paralelo
parallel paralelo
pass eman
pass igaro
pass iragan
pass pasatu
specific berariazko
specific jakin
specific zehatz
cousin lehengusu
argument argudio
argument argumentu
argument auzi
safe seguru
safe ziur
define definitu
previous aldezaurreko
previous aurreko
previous aurretiko
previous lehengo
action egite
action ekintza
fly heganegin
fly pilotatu
fly euli
missing galdu
year urte
year urtebete
farming nekazaritza
defender defendatzaile
leave aldeegin
leave joan
leave laga
leave utzi
pattern patroi
grey gris
empty bakarti
empty huts
empty hustu
major garrantzitsu
major garrantzizko
major maior
military militar
military armada
commander komandante
difficult zail
deputy diputatu
deputy laguntzaile
operate erabili
operate funtzionatu
operate maneiatu
operate operatu
heavy astun
heavy pisu
shut giltzaperatu
shut itxi
shut zarratu
drink edan
drink trago
confusion nahaste
tropical tropikal
television telebista
trade salerosi
trade merkataritza
trade ofizio
here hemen
here hona
here hor
here horra
outside kanporantz
outside kanpoan
outside kanpora
outside kanpoko
outside kanpoalde
war gerra
early goiztiar
early goiz
early laster
cutting erabateko
cutting zorrotz
genre genero
protein proteina
improve hoberaegin
improve hobetu
ill gaixo
jury epaimahai
jury zinpeko
basically funtsean
eat bazkaldu
eat jan
chess xake
dawn egunsenti
nationalist abertzale
nationalist nazionalista
nationalist nazionalista
fee kostu
deal banatu
deal tratatu
deal tratu
worldwide munduko
electoral hauteskunde
min minegin
rebellion matxinada
figure antzeztu
figure imajinatu
figure irudikatu
figure usteizan
figure figura
figure zifra
big handi
theatre teatro
church eliza
often maiz
often sarri
guilty errudun
recently arestian
recently berri
town hiri
bull zezen
electric elektriko
thin argal
thin mehe
thin argaldu
thin mehetu
continue jarraitu
heart bihotz
provincial probintzial
parking aparlaleku
football futbol
chain kateatu
chain kate
monitoring kontrol
bibliography bibliografia
sharp sarkor
sharp zoli
sharp zorrotz
medium ertain
medium erdi
serve baliatu
serve botilatu
serve zerbitzatu
non ez
force behartu
force bortxatu
force indar
employment enplegu
employment erabiltze
employment okupazio
exhibition erakusketa
likely gertadaitekeen
session bilera
voice ahots
mark markatu
mark zikindu
mark marka
global global
preparation prestaketa
south hego
south hegoalde
crystal kristal
beer garagardo
devoted sutsu
guitar gitarra
full bete
revision berraztertze
contrast alderatu
contrast egiaztatu
client bezero
court gorteiatu
court auzitegi
court epaitegi
add erantsi
add gaineratu
add gehitu
regularly normalean
mind axolaizan
mind buru
section ebaketa
radio irrati
bus autobus
camera ganbera
hook krokatu
gear orientatu
gear martxa
territorial lurraldeko
dry lehor
dry lehortu
maritime itsasoko
hold eutsi
hold kontrol
judge epaitu
judge juzgatu
judge epaile
speak esan
speak hitzegin
speak mintzatu
combination konbinazio
catholic katoliko
human giza
human gizatiar
human gizonezko
human gizaki
cut ebaki
cut moztu
cut ebaki
cut piko
jurisdiction jurisdikzio
dynamic dinamiko
continuous etengabe
continuous jarraiki
continuous jarraitu
form eratu
form formatu
form forma
form formulario
form orkoi
contain eduki
first aurren
first aurreneko
first batgarren
first lehen
first lehendabiziko
first lehenengo
first lehen
first lehendabizi
first lehenengo
first lehenik
indicate erakutsi
just justu
just bakarrik
just justu
shape moldatu
shape forma
fundamental funtsezko
industrial industrial
soft bigun
soft suabe
surprise harritu
surprise ustekabe
park aparkatu
park parke
clerk enplegatu
explain azaldu
explain kontatu
detailed zehaztu
headquarters egoitza
famous famatu
famous ospetsu
tunnel tunelaegin
tunnel tunel
chorus koru
electricity argindar
electricity elektrizitate
strange arraro
yard yarda
seat eseri
seat jarri
seat aulki
seat butaka
seat eserleku
seat jarleku
seat zizeilu
total erabateko
total batu
total guztizko
remove aldendu
remove atera
remove edeki
remove erauzi
remove erretiratu
remove kendu
remove sakatu
remove urrundu
oak haritz
shopping erosketa
production ekoizpen
production produkzio
respect errespetatu
respect errespetu
respect lotsa
status egoera
status estatu
status estatus
official ofizial
official administrari
official ofizial
studio estudio
axis ardatz
wire konektatu
wire kable
foreign arrotz
foreign atzerritar
perform egin
fishing arrantza
enemy etsai
enemy arerio
enemy etsai
government gobernu
government jaurlaritza
novel berri
novel eleberri
novel nobela
success arrakasta
pain min
pain mingarri
possibly ahaldela
authority aginpide
authority agintari
altitude altitude
frame markoaipini
frame egitura
frame marko
being izaki
phase fase
river ibai
lieutenant teniente
principal nagusi
develop garatu
develop hedatu
british britainiar
poet poeta
manufacturing fabrikazio
activist ekintzaile
procedure prozedura
trouble arduratu
trouble arazo
mean bihurri
mean zeken
mean esannahiedun
skin larrutu
skin larru
page orri
page orrialde
value balioztatu
value balio
age zaharkitu
age zahartu
age adin
run funtzionatu
run korrikaegin
run korritu
run lasterketa
sell saldu
summit gailur
summit goibilera
combat borrokatu
consumer kontsumitzaile
receive hartu
receive jaso
joint banatu
joint elkartu
joint junta
blocking blokeo
indication aztarna
indication zantzu
loss galera
recovery berreskuratze
critic kritikari
leader buru
leader buruzagi
leader lider
governor gobernadore
then orduko
then orduan
community erkidego
community kolektibo
community komunitate
community komuntasun
truth egia
start hasi
start hasiera
task egoki
task lan
band banda
consider estimatu
consider gogoanhartu
consider kontuanhartu
advance aurreratu
advance sustatu
advance aurrerapen
advance aurreratze
parish parrokia
option aukera
decision erabaki
text testu
description deskribapen
equal berdin
faculty ahalmen
truck kamioi
autonomous autonomo
broken eten
saying esan
wish desiratu
wish irrikatu
wish desio
wish irrika
ref arbitro
reasoning arrazoiketa
involvement nahasiaegote
alcohol alkohol
forever betidanik
forever behinbetiko
forever behinetabetiko
forever betiko
shoot fusilatu
shoot tiratu
shoot tiroegin
muslim musulman
university unibertsitario
university unibertsitateko
university unibertsitario
university unibertsitate
design diseinatu
design diseinu
perfectly ezinhobeki
romantic erromantiko
appear agertu
appear iritzi
appear iruditu
mode modu
reason arrazoitu
reason arrazoi
reason motibo
reason zergati
real egiazko
real real
flora flora
aspect aspektu
new berri
suit batetorri
suit moldatu
suit jantzi
suit traje
amendment zuzenketa
target apuntatu
target destatu
target helburu
target jomuga
target zuri
brother anai
brother anaiarreba
brother anaia
brother neba
appearance aspektu
settlement populatze
choose aukeratu
choose hautatu
choose hautetsi
information informazio
conclusion bukaera
dancing dantza
inner barruko
peoples herrikoi
prize bikain
prize estimatu
prize sari
structural egiturazko
tank tanke
equation ekuazio
fun dibertigarri
fun dibertsio
medicine medikuntza
medicine sendagai
unable ezgai
african afrikar
rule gobernatu
rule arautegi
rule erregela
agricultural laborantza
agricultural nekazaritza
numerous ugari
rapidly ziztubizian
girl haur
girl neska
girl neskatila
girl neskato
usual ohiko
usual ohizko
diplomatic diplomatiko
stay gelditu
stay egonaldi
objective objektibo
objective helburu
objective jomuga
objective xede
tube metro
tube tutu
locomotive lokomotor
play berrizgertatu
play interpretatu
play jokatu
play jolastu
play antzerki
play joko
play jolas
corporation korporazio
corporation enpresa
except salbuetsi
exchange trukatu
exchange kanbio
exchange truke
reform erreformatu
reform erreforma
already dagoeneko
already jada
already jadanik
behaviour jokabide
behaviour portaera
newspaper egunkari
newspaper kazeta
card eskutitz
card karta
card txartel
parliament legebiltzar
parliament parlamentu
match batetorri
large handi
incorrect ezzuzen
running etengabe
speech diskurtso
speech mintzamen
coat estali
coat beroki
coat kapa
chief nagusi
chief buru
chief nagusi
palace jauregi
scheme eskema
defend defendatu
defend defenditu
tag etiketatu
complex konplexu
advice aholku
advice kontseilu
bible Biblia
reach erdietsi
reach lortu
low adingabe
low adingabeko
low apal
low baxu
low txikiago
low azpira
low behean
low behera
low orroegin
exposure erakusketa
custom ohitura
like gustatu
exist egon
exist existitu
revenge mendeku
service azterketaegin
service zerbitzu
again berriro
again bestebehin
handle erabili
handle maneiatu
date datajarri
date data
date egun
situation kinka
tournament torneo
regional erregional
area area
area eremu
area jokaleku
align lerrokatu
stadium estadio
activity jarduera
dangerous arriskutsu
room gela
room sala
nation nazio
member gorputzadar
member kide
geographic geografiko
detective detektibe
salt gazitu
salt gatz
hunter ehiztari
thing gauza
thing zer
month hil
month hilabete
district barruti
fruit fruitu
fruit fruta
trust fidatu
trust konfiantza
nice eder
nice sinpatiko
evil gaizto
evil gaitz
evil gaizki
save aurreztu
save gorde
save salbatu
museum museo
fighter ehizahegazkin
mediterranean mediterraneo
angle angelu
genetic genetiko
junction bidegurutze
junction bilgune
husband senar
covered estali
march martxa
march martxo
expedition espedizio
refer bidali
refer kontatu
violation urraketa
nickname gaitzizen
reader irakurle
essay entsegu
peninsula penintsula
mystery misterio
plate xaflatu
plate lamina
plate plaka
plate plater
host aurkeztu
host ostalari
understanding ulerkor
understanding ulermen
affect erasan
affect hunkitu
birthday urtebetetze
manage kudeatu
manage erdietsi
manage eskuratu
manage lortu
manage zuzendu
christmas gabon
drive eraman
drive gidatu
apple sagar
writing idazte
syndrome sindrome
sound jo
sound hots
sound soinu
rest pausatu
rest atsedeneman
rest deskantsatu
rest atseden
rest etenaldi
rest gainerako
rest hondakin
harbour izan
harbour kai
harbour mendate
movement mugimendu
progress aurreratu
progress aurrerabide
superior gaineko
superior goiko
though halaere
flag indargabetu
flag bandera
team barnezola
ferry eraman
occasion eragin
occasion aukera
cancer minbizi
dragon herensuge
leg hanka
dozen dozena
series segida
cycling txirrindularitza
hit asmatu
hit itsatsi
hit jo
hit arrakasta
hit inpaktu
hit kolpe
parliamentary parlamentario
tail buztan
tail kola
theme gai
solid sendo
solid solido
solid solido
broadcast eman
broadcast emisio
clean garbi
clean garbitu
sand lixatu
sand harea
fate patu
latin latindar
hurricane urakan
minor adingabe
minor adingabeko
minor txiki
minor txikiago
minor adingabeko
battery bateria
battery pila
conspiracy konspirazio
bishop apezpiku
round biribil
round inguratu
round lapurreta
meanwhile bitartean
model modelogisalanegin
model eredu
model modelo
more gehiago
more gehien
elected hautetsi
distance distantzia
lake aintzira
speaker bozgorailu
speaker hizketakide
speaker txostengile
treat tratatu
testing zail
quote aipatu
quote zitatu
attorney abokatu
desire desiratu
desire irrikatu
desire desio
desire irrika
news albiste
news berri
time orduen
time programatu
time aldi
time denbora
time ordu
image estanpa
image irudi
small apur
small txiki
small xume
marked nabarmen
supply eman
supply hornitu
supply hornidura
mosque meskita
alone bakar
alone bakarrik
roll errodatu
bath bainatu
bath bainu
historian historialari
demonstrate frogatu
guide bidatu
guide gidatu
guide gidatzaile
trip behaztopatu
trip bidaia
vehicle ibilgailu
standing tente
standing iraunkor
coast kosta
controversy polemika
character izaera
natural natural
duke duke
biological biologiko
rob lapurtu
left ezker
left ezkerreko
left ezker
music musika
advertising publizitate
ground zigortu
ground lur
noted ezagun
bring ekarri
metric metriko
think gogoetaegin
think iritzi
think pentsatu
bronze brontzeatu
bronze brontzeztatu
bronze brontze
soldier militar
soldier soldadu
pitch jaurti
pitch tonu
suspect susmagarri
suspect goganbehartu
suspect susmatu
funeral hileta
disagree batezetorri
reliable fidagarri
describe deskribatu
describe kalifikatu
nuclear nuklear
drop amildu
drop apaldu
drop askatu
drop beheraegin
drop beheratu
drop eraitsi
drop erori
drop erortzenutzi
drop jaitsi
drop largatu
drop baja
drop tanta
legislature legegintzaldi
painter pintore
efficient eraginkor
efficient jantzi
office idazkaritza
office bulego
pay ordaindu
dog jarraitu
dog txakur
dog zakur
daughter alaba
history kondaira
completion bukaera
suppose eman
suppose usteizan
story historia
story istorio
story kontakizun
elite bikain
opinion iritzi
violence indarkeria
sculpture eskultura
hear entzun
hero heroi
photo foto
league liga
coming hurren
outstanding aparta
outstanding bikain
outstanding paregabe
outstanding salbuespenezko
carbon karbono
light argi
light arin
light argitu
light piztu
light argi
passing igarokor
passing heriotza
passing igarobide
equipment hornikuntza
blog blog
automatic automatiko
legislation ordenamendu
legislation legedi
legislation legegintza
recording erregistro
justify justifikatu
historical historiko
lion lehoi
still geldi
still oraindik
clear argi
clear argitu
clear garbitu
clear likidatu
enterprise enpresa
name izenajarri
name izendatu
name izen
respond erantzun
exercise ariketaegin
exercise ariketa
double bikoitz
double bikoiztu
double plegatu
gang koadrila
formula formula
radar radar
restore zaharberritu
department departamentu
canton alde
canton kantoi
canton ondo
daily eguneko
daily eguneroko
net garbi
net sare
narrative narratibo
marathon luze
free aske
free doako
free libre
free dohain
free dohainik
free liberatu
translation itzulpen
oil koipeztatu
oil olio
oil petrolio
state estatu
state aitortu
state deklaratu
state planteatu
state egoera
state estatu
attention arreta
princess printzesa
get erdietsi
get eskuratu
get hartu
get iritsi
get lortu
road errepide
may maiatz
side albo
side alde
side ondo
unknown ezezagun
german aleman
german alemaniar
affected itxurati
display agertu
display erakutsi
display erakusleiho
today gaur
today gaur
calendar egutegi
terrorist terrorista
terrorist terrorista
modify aldatu
hotel hotel
virgin birjina
virgin birjina
physics fisika
croatian kroaziera
interview elkarrizketatu
shooting tiroka
shooting tiroketa
decide ebatzi
decide erabaki
contribute lagundu
contribute zergaeman
library biblioteka
crime delitu
crime krimen
there bertan
there han
there hara
municipality udal
municipality udalerri
fast azkar
fast laster
clothing arropa
creative sortzeko
tree zuhaitz
portrait erretratu
way bide
way era
way gisa
way ildo
way modu
tie lotu
tie berdinketa
tie gorbata
hill muino
conduct burutu
conduct eraman
conduct zuzendu
conduct portaera
outdoor kanpoko
raid eraso
raid sarekada
resort helegiteaaurkeztu
worthy duin
worthy merezitako
suicide suizida
suicide suizidio
familiar ezagun
familiar familiar
exception salbuespen
finish akabatu
finish amaitu
finish bukatu
finish errematatu
finish heltze
october urri
greatly asko
greatly franko
assembly batzar
such halako
such horrelako
reduction murriztapen
external kanpoko
agent agente
agent eragile
unnecessary ezbeharrezko
people jendeztatu
speed azkarjoan
speed bizkortu
speed abiadura
dam presatu
transition trantsizio
violin biolin
magnetic magnetiko
transmission transmisio
performance etekin
performance interpretazio
performance jokaera
false faltsu
false gezurrezko
economics ekonomia
moving mugikor
fill bete
fill brokatu
snow elur
quick azkar
slow motel
slow astiro
slow poliki
slow atzeratu
slow geldotu
experiment saiakuntzakegin
experiment esperimentu
positive positibo
fleet flota
hole zulo
author egile
college unibertsitario
college unibertsitate
weight kargatu
weight pisu
labour lan
labour lanegin
labour lan
chapel kapera
scientist zientzialari
penalty penalti
soil zikindu
soil lur
soil lurzoru
guess antzeman
guess igarri
see ikusi
ban debekatu
ban debeku
line forratu
line lerro
line linea
ski eskiatu
environmental ingurune
project pentsatu
project egitasmo
project proiektu
knowledge ezaguera
knowledge ezagutza
knowledge jakite
knowledge jakiunde
knowledge korde
importance garrantzi
around inguruan
around ingurura
context testuinguru
corporate korporatibo
covering estaldura
marry ezkondu
nature natura
rank kirastu
rank sailkatu
rank errenkada
simple bakun
simple erraz
simple sinple
chance arriskatu
chance kasualitate
chance zori
sign izenpetu
sign sinatu
sign kartel
sign zeinu
presence presentzia
update eguneratu
drama drama
drama obra
remain gelditu
remain sobratu
assistant laguntzaile
correct zuzen
correct zuzendu
constant konstante
constant konstante
down azpira
down behean
down behera
down lumatxa
substitute ordezkatu
substitute ordezko
assistance asistentzia
relative erlatibo
relative ahaide
initial hasierako
initial inizialakjarri
initial inizial
blue urdin
academic akademiko
academic akademiko
expand zabaldu
scale eskalatu
scale balantza
scale eskala
scale tamaina
grandfather aitona
overlap gainjarri
reverse alderantzizko
reverse alderantzikatu
reverse atzekozaurrerajarri
reverse inbertitu
reverse binper
sector sektore
produce ekoitzi
produce ekoiztu
produce eragin
center erdiratu
seed erein
seed hazi
election aukera
election hauteskunde
election hautu
minimum gutxieneko
minimum minimo
minimum txikien
minimum minimo
exit atera
exit irten
exit aterabide
exit irteera
exit irtenbide
extend hedatu
expert aditu
expert aditu
corps gorputz
scene eszena
most gehiago
most gehien
stick krokatu
stick sartu
stick palo
public jakin
public publiko
public publiko
focus erdiratu
focus fokatu
orange laranja
orange laranjondo
essential esentzial
meat haragi
meat mami
base kokatu
base oinarritu
base base
base oinarri
serbian serbiera
serbian serbiar
landscape paisaia
past lehenagoko
past paretik
past iragan
past lehenaldi
warm bero
warm epel
warm adoretu
warm animatu
warm berotu
gain irabazi
gain lortu
gain irabazi
gain irabazte
gain onura
extension handitze
extension hedadura
insurance aseguru
conventional konbentzional
meaning adiera
prevent eragotzi
prevent galarazi
tone tonu
charge kobratu
charge karga
charge kargu
charge kargudun
engineer diseinatu
engineer ingeniari
cape kabo
devil deabru
enter sartu
president lehendakari
president presidente
structure egituratu
structure egitura
preserve babestu
preserve mantendu
tool erreminta
tool lanabes
globe globo
watch begiratu
watch erloju
avenue etorbide
matrix matrize
palestinian palestinar
entrance liluratu
entrance atari
entrance sarrera
rock astindu
rock kulunkatu
rock harri
bomb bonbardatu
bomb bonba
bomb lehergailu
autumn udazken
price prezioajarri
price prezio
price salneurri
assessment balioespen
assessment balorazio
disease eri
disease gaixotasun
representative adierazgarri
representative ordezkari
mount igo
bush zuhaixka
wall harresi
wall horma
wall murru
wall pareta
management administrazio
management gestio
management kudeaketa
exclusive bakar
railway bide
railway trenbide
stop atxilotu
stop geldiarazi
stop gelditu
stop geratu
stop geldialdi
short apal
short baxu
short labur
short motz
permission baimen
lot partzela
lot patu
executive betearazle
executive exekutibo
equivalent baliokide
equivalent baliokide
random ausazko
ride zamalkatu
take berandutu
take egin
take eraman
take garraiatu
take harrapatu
take hartu
signature sinadura
spanish espainiar
spanish espainol
spanish gaztelau
spanish espainiera
spanish espainol
promote sustatu
rifle lapurtu
rifle fusil
signal seinalatu
signal ezaugarri
signal seinale
eligible egoki
flight hegaldi
hand entregatu
hand esku
style apaindu
style estilo
style tankera
fresh freskagarri
fresh fresko
lose galdu
make egin
make marka
society gizarte
matter axolaizan
matter gai
matter materia
organisation antolakuntza
organisation organizazio
interpretation interpretazio
sorry triste
agreement adostasun
agreement akordio
agreement hitzarmen
agreement kontratu
special berezi
ownership jabetza
knowing jakin
depth sakontasun
property jabetza
cooperation elkarlan
cooperation lankidetza
give eman
give erregalatu
israeli israeldar
spider armiarma
jewish judu
survey begietsi
survey inkesta
unfortunately zoritxarrez
approval baiezko
approval onartze
approval onespen
approval oniritzi
islamic islamiko
coverage estaldura
standard arrunt
standard estandar
standard estandar
bed landatu
bed ostatueman
bed ohe
neutral inpartzial
neutral neutro
swiss suitzar
wide zabal
orbit orbita
different bestelako
different desberdin
different diferente
different ezberdin
foster hartu
apartment apartamentu
too ere
red gorri
red gorri
survive luzeagobiziizan
block blokeatu
block oztopoegin
block bloke
block blokeo
dress jantzi
dress soineko
lack ezukan
lack gabezia
record grabatu
record jaso
record erregistro
fell moztu
kind adeitsu
kind klase
store biltegiratu
store gorde
store denda
store saltoki
star izar
field alor
field eremu
field landa
field zelai
clay buztin
orthodox ortodoxo
ordinary arrunt
ordinary normal
evidence ebidentzia
evidence testigantza
colonial kolonial
attack atentatu
attack eraso
attack erasotu
attack jazarri
attack atentatu
attack erasoaldi
branch adarkatu
branch adar
branch sukurtsal
finally azkenik
impossible ezinezko
impossible ezin
blind itsu
blind itsutu
presentation aurkezpen
musician musikari
holder titular
key tekleatu
key gako
key giltza
key tonu
worth balio
province probintzia
credit abonatu
credit hartze
credit kreditu
achieve erdietsi
achieve eskuratu
achieve lortu
doubt zalantzaegin
doubt duda
doubt zalantza
father aita
father guraso
merger fusio
behind atzetik
behind atzean
behind ondotik
behind ipurdi
native bertako
native indigena
native indigena
atlantic atlantiko
original jatorrizko
original original
original jatorrizko
question galderaegin
question galdera
sky zeru
republican errepublikano
republican errepublikako
republican errepublikazale
republican errepublikano
republican errepublikazale
grammar gramatika
income errenta
income sartze
enough dezente
enough nahiko
japanese japoniar
gene gene
solar eguzkiko
plant landatu
plant planta
found fundatu
found sortu
distribution antolamendu
distribution banaketa
distribution distribuzio
horror laztura
type idatzi
type mekanografiatu
type mota
type tipo
health osasun
once behin
future geroko
future etorkizun
future gero
earl konde
belgian belgikar
alternate txandakatu
brown gaztainakoloreko
brown marroi
clock erloju
software software
clan klan
touch hunkitu
touch ukitu
touch ukimen
off kanpoan
off kanpora
rate balioztatu
rate iritzi
rate erritmo
rate indize
rate tasa
topic gai
constitutional konstituzional
commerce merkataritza
wake esnatu
formal formal
stream irten
stream laster
repair erreparatu
repair konpondu
repair konponketa
briefly labur
statistical estatistiko
holy sakratu
